Jumping Puzzle is the name of my band's new album.
Ideas and Execution is the name of my band's new album.
Chocolate and Whiskey is my band's new album.
Guetzli’s Psychovisual Model is the name of my band's new album.
Perpetual Motion Architecture is my band's new album.
Representational State Transfer is the name of my band's new album. 

It's very restful.
Make It Up In Volume is the name of my band's new album.
Deify or Demonize is the name of my band's new album. 

Lifted from this piece that everyone should read: https://t.co/fnDtRgHAll
I Am Not A Robot is the name of my band's new album. It's a collection of chiptune covers of Sci-Fi movie themes.
Moments of Vertigo is the name of my band's new album

[via: @devonrfox]
Impossible Until It's Not is the name of my bands new album. It's a collection of contemporary takes on Paganini.
Optimize For The Happy Path is the name of my band's new album of Muppets covers #
Variations On A Meme is the name of my band's new album of classical music
The Dead Dragonflies This is the cover of our first album Spiders Got Us https://t.co/j003KadzRB
The Dongle Suspense is the name of my band's new album

#FridayMeetingAlbumNames
Read The Error Message is the name of my band's new album
Discovery of Music is the name of my band's new album
Talking in Tangents is the name of my band's new album
“A Certain Type of Light” is the name of my band’s new album
A Decade and a Year is the name of my band's new album
Laughing at Absurdity is the name of my band's new album
“Bible of Wines” is the name of my band’s new album
Hot Chicken in the Mix is the name of my band's new funk album
The two and four is the name of my band's new album
Looking for Language is the name of my band's new album
Ideas and Accidents is the name of my band's new album
Deorbit Burn is the name of my band's new album
fear under the noise is the name of my band's new album
fuck that noise is the name of my band's new album
The Yak Shavers

we're still looking for a rubber band to hold the light stand so we can see the inside of the engine of the van we need to load up to get to the tequila bar from pre-show shots and coming up with album titles so we can do our first gig
Editor Actions

Save to Kill Ring is the name of our first album https://t.co/b5kLSgGsK8
Lazy River Vibe is the name of my band's new album
